Well, lookie what we got here, brother of mine, it's the same in every town
Ponies with thirsty throats, dry tongues, and not a drop of cider to be found
Maybe they're not aware that there's really no need for this teary despair
That the key that they need to solve this sad cider shortage you and I will share
Well you've got opportunity
In this very community
He's Flim. He's Flam
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers
Traveling salesponies nonpareil

Nonpa... what?

Nonpareil, and that's exactly the reason why, you see
No pony else in this whole place will give you such a chance to be where you need to be
And that's a new world, with tons of cider, fresh squeezed and ready for drinking
More cider than you could drink in all your days of thinking

I doubt that.

So take this opportunity
In this very community
He's Flim. He's Flam
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers
Traveling salesponies nonpareil

I suppose by now you're wondering 'bout our peculiar mode of transport
I say, our mode of locomotion
And I suppose by now you're wondering, where is this promised cider?
Any horse can make a claim and any pony can do the same
But my brother and I have something most unique and superb unseen at any time in this big new world
And that's opportunity

Folks, it's the one and only, the biggest and the best
The unbelievable
Unimpeachable
Indispensable
I-can't-believe-able
Flim Flam Brothers' Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000

What d'you say, sister?

Oh, we got opportunity
In this very community
Please, Flim, please, Flam
Help us out of this jam, with your Flim Flam Brothers' Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000

Young filly, I would be ever so honored if you might see fit to let my brother and I borrow some of your delicious, and might I add spellbindingly fragrant apples for our little demonstration here?

Uh, sure, I guess.

Opportunity, in our community

Ready, Flim?
Ready, Flam?
Let's bing bang zam!

And show these thirsty ponies a world of delectable cider!

Cider, cider, cider, cider...

Watch closely, my friends!
The fun begins!

Now, here's where the magic happens. Right here in this heaving, roiling, cider-press-boiling guts of the very machine, those apples plucked fresh are right now as we speak being turned into grade-A, top-notch, five-star, blow-your-horseshoes-off, one-of-a-kind cider!

Feel free to take a sneak peek!

[end of background “cider”]

Now wait, you fellers, hold it!
You went and over-sold it!
I guarantee that what you have there won't compare
For the very most important ingredient
Can't be added or done expedient
And it's quality, friends, Apple Acres' quality and care!

Well, Granny, I'm glad you brought that up, my dear, I say I'm glad you brought that up
You see that we are very picky when it comes to cider if you'll kindly try a cup
Yes, sir, yes, ma'am, this great machine lets just the very best
So whaddaya say then, Apples?
Care to step into the modern world
And put the Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000 to the test?

Cider, cider, cider, cider...

What do you think, folks? Do you see what the Apples can't? I see it clear as day! I know she does! So does he! C'mon, Ponyville, you know what I'm talking about!

[end of background “cider”]

We're saying you've got opportunity
In this very community
He's Flim, he's Flam
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers
Traveling salesponies nonpareil!

Yeah!
